>> Hello.
I'm Georgia Shakti-Hill.
And I want to welcome you
to our healing series.
We are going to be talking
with you about an understanding
of illness and disease.
We're going to be talking
about a medical intuitive who
can help you become more
intuitive about your own body.
Come join us today, "Living
In Balance" on Shakti-Hill.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Patti Conklin will share her
wisdom and her light with us
today.
And she is a medical intuitive.
And I want to welcome you.
- Thank you so much
for having me today.
Healing Within is the
workshop that you teach.
And you're going to be teaching
people how to heal themselves.
We're going to actually
give them techniques today.
This is a major issue
with all human beings.
We really have to get
a better understanding
of illness and disease.
Don't we?
>> Absolutely, absolutely.
When our body starts to act up,
we immediately go into fear.
And so many times, it's our
body just saying wait a minute.
There's something buried
in here that I really
need to let go of in
order to be truly healthy.
And if we look at all illness
and disease as an event that
will begin an emotional,
psychological,
or spiritual event in
order to really turn
that illness around,
they need to understand
what it was that began
the creation of that.
>> And that's the essence
of what you want people
to understand first.
Something happened.
They can go back to a specific
time, a specific event.
It could be, you said,
psychological, it
could be emotional,
it could be spiritual?
>> It could be spiritual.
It could be something that they
brought with them as a life
learning lesson.
So many times we
see it in children
that are born with diseases
and at such a very young age.
And you know they
haven't stuffed something
in their body.
And also, it doesn't need
to be a traumatic event.
I mean, so many people
think, well, gee, I
didn't have that much
trauma in my lifetime.
And it doesn't need to
be a traumatic event.
It needs to be an
event where you began
to stuff a feeling, an emotion.
>> Well, give me
an example of that.
Like, what might someone do,
like what kind of a thing might
they just suppress or
stuff or hold in that
could later create this disease?
>> Say you're two years old.
And you're really
upset with your mother
because she won't
give you a cookie.
And you really wanted
something to eat.
And so you go running
through the house
and run towards your bedroom.
And you fall.
And you really hurt your knee.
So many times those
tears and anger
will go right down
into the knee.
There are specific
places in the body
that we tend to carry things.
However, we'll also go to
the weakest part of the body.
If there's an event, if
we're born with weak lungs,
we have a tendency
to put the emotion
or event in the weak lungs.
>> OK.
So then later, you
could have a knee issue.
You could have, like,
a torn ligament.
You could have any event.
Again, you could have a symptom.
The same thing with the lungs--
>> Correct.
>> OK.
If that's where
you're vulnerable?
>> Correct.
The best story that was so
simplistic for this gentleman.
He had come to see me.
And he had severe leg pain,
outer thigh on his right leg.
And he had CAT scans
and all the testing.
And they couldn't
find anything wrong.
But he could barely walk.
And so he came in
and I looked at him
and I said, when did this start?
And he said about a month ago.
And I said, well,
what happened to you
when you were about four?
What was a major event?
And he said, oh, I don't know.
I don't know.
And we started talking.
And I said, it was an
event with your father.
And his father,
who rarely drank,
had gotten drunk
one night and gotten
in a fight with his mother.
And this four-year-old is
sitting out on the front porch.
And the father came out the
door and was so enraged,
kicked him in the leg, and
said, get out of my way.
And it's not something he
held on to because it never
happened again.
But the month prior
to coming to see me,
he had gotten in a
fight with his wife.
And he slammed out
the front door.
And the dog was laying there.
And he kicked the dog and
said get out of my way.
>> Oh, wow.
And that event
triggered the event that
had been buried in his body.
And the body was
just responding,
it's time to get
this out of here now.
>> OK.
But the CAT scan didn't find it.
How did you come up with the
4-year-old and the something
to do with dad?
Now what was that analysis
or diagnosis from you?
>> Well, since so much
of the time, you know,
energy stored in the
body, it's all around us.
It's in the chair.
It's what we exist with.
And so for me, it's just a
matter of actually reading
within the body.
Sometimes if an individual
has anger in their liver,
I'll just look at their
liver and the word anger
will be written.
Or they'll actually
be a movie camera
playing inside their body
showing me a specific event.
>> Ah.
>> You know, age five to
32 was more perception.
I could perceive what
was taking place.
I could feel--
I had a knowing of where people
were having aches and pains.
And then 1990 was
when I gained sight.
And that was the
first time I actually
looked inside of
the body and saw
the heart beating and
the arteries moving
and the lungs and the
kidneys and so forth.
>> OK.
So you started from
the time you were five,
you felt what was going
on with other people?
>> Sure, yeah.
>> OK.
And you would hear things, too?
>> I would hear.
I would feel a very
strong perception.
If I was in the grocery
store walking by someone
and my kidney would
start to ache,
or I could just kind of look
at their body, just physically
looking, and my
hand would just want
to go right to that
area of their body,
you know, just to
ease up that pain.
And it was interesting
through life
to really utilize
that with people
and see what was taking place.
>> But then you added
the visual aspect to it.
And this is very unique.
Most people don't perceive this.
So you're teaching
others how to do it.
But was there something
that happened?
You said, what 1992?
>> 1990.
That added the visual aspect?
>> I just had a dream.
And during the
dream, I just heard
God's voice say now it's
time for you to fully begin
walking your path.
And when I woke
up in the morning
and rolled over to my husband,
I just went into hysteria.
Because I couldn't see his skin.
I could see his heart.
And I could see the blood
flowing through his body,
and the kidneys, and so forth.
And I was very frightened
and jumped out of bed
and went tearing outside.
And a little bird flew
up to the bird feeder.
And I looked at the bird, and
I couldn't see any feathers.
And I could just see the
heart and the arteries.
And so all day long
that took place.
And I finally, at the end
of the day, said you know,
I'm more than willing to
do your work, Creator.
But you need to give me
an on and off switch.
Because morally and
ethically, I also
didn't feel it was
appropriate to look at someone
without their permission.
>> Wow.
Oh, well, that must have
been absolutely startling.
Even though the dream had
gotten you open to something
new was going to happen.
>> Right.
>> Wow.
>> I wasn't expecting that.
>> No.
OK.
So then you felt
this is your path.
Because, of course,
this is a gift
that the average
person doesn't have.
Now what do you do with that?
How do you heal with
this information,
with this visual that you get?
For example, we
talked about the man
that you took him
back to an incident.
Now does that work enough
to just know the event?
Does something
automatically happen?
>> Usually.
I believe that memory is
stored at a cellular level.
That our brain isn't
just up in our head,
that it's within the
individual cells of the body.
So when we have an event
that triggers and moves
into the body, it's important
to begin a vibration movement
through the body with the
intent to release that memory.
And so I walk them through
a series of exercises
that we can do to
really begin focusing
on releasing that event.
And it's really important if
you're working with cancer,
if you're working with
fibromyalgia, any of those.
>> And so are you as effective
with something in helping
someone do self-healing with,
like, for example, cancer.
Is this as easy for you to
help them work in self-healing
as the man's outer thigh was?
>> I believe in homework.
I believe in self-empowerment.
And so my rule of thumb is I'll
work with someone three times.
And I'll show them where
stuff is stored in their body.
I'll give them the tools
to begin releasing it.
And beyond that, it's
their responsibility
to continue the work after
they're working with me.
80% of my work is
done over the phone.
I don't need to have
a client with me.
And so we begin moving that
vibration through their body.
And I give them the technique.
We just really look at
where they've stored.
And I have a lady in
San Francisco who,
when she came to me
at age 38 last summer,
she had breast cancer, uterine
cancer, bone cancer, and now
lung cancer.
And was definitely looking
at some real major issues,
some real major anger.
>> Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
>> And she's also had severe
asthma since she was six.
And so we spent
three days together
in intensive work of moving
that anger and all of the issues
out of her body.
And within a week,
her CAT scan started
showing that the lesions,
the cancerous lesions
were starting to disappear.
The day we stopped working, her
asthma completely went away.
She hasn't taken any
medication since.
And she's really living in joy.
>> Well, this is amazing.
But it's also that
person is self-healing.
>> Absolutely.
>> Because you don't do it.
>> No.
>> Although you have
a gift to help them.
But that you actually are
empowering other people trying
to move towards self-healing.
>> That's right.
I don't believe in doing it.
I don't believe that that's
why I was given my gift.
I believe that it's my
focus to really help
them understand how what they
think is truly what they are.
And if they begin thinking
negative thoughts,
that they're really just
putting it in their own body.
>> And I think that's very
important which you just said,
what they think.
OK.
And it's the negative thinking.
>> Absolutely.
>> So you really have to
move people out of that, too.
>> That's right.
It not only just brings along a
healing effect within the body.
It begins behavioral changes.
You know, there doesn't
have to be any negative.
It's how we perceive it.
It's how we think.
And if we choose to have that
negative connotation, we will.
>> So our response to what
happens is what is really what
is key in all of this.
Well, I love what
you're going to do
for us in the next segment.
Because you're going
to do some of this
process so that you can
teach me and our audience
how they can move through
this to the self-healing.
>> Right.
>> Excellent.
OK.
So if you will stay
tuned, we will be back
with the medical
intuitive, Patti Conklin.
And we will learn techniques
how we can heal ourselves.
We'll be right back.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> If you are just joining
us, Patti Conklin is our guest
today.
And she is part of
our healing series.
And we're talking
about healing within.
And Patti is a
medical intuitive.
We can become, maybe not
to the degree that you are,
but we can become
more intuitive in how
we understand our bodies.
>> Absolutely.
>> And you can
teach us to do that.
OK.
How do we recognize
these blocked energies?
How do we recognize the
problems that we have?
What would you do if
you were training us?
>> Well, in so many instances,
people will already have pain
somewhere.
But if they don't, if they
say, gee, I feel pretty good,
and nothing really
hurts, then I'd
ask them to just take a
nice, centering breath,
put a beautiful white
cocoon around them,
and ask their body where any
negative energy is stored
that they need to move out.
And they may begin to feel a
heaviness, or a tightening.
The most important thing
is to trust your body.
Your body has all the
information and knowledge
you'll ever need
stored inside of it--
not just about your health,
but about everything.
>> And different people will
understand this in different
ways.
>> Absolutely.
>> Like you said, they
could feel a heaviness.
And also, if you already are
working with that little voice
within--
>> Right.
You're going to hear it audio.
>> But you want us to
pay attention to it.
>> I want you to
Whether you're feeling it,
whether you're hearing it,
whether you're getting symbols,
whether you're getting visions,
I'd really like you
to pay attention
to what the body is saying.
Because you know, you may be
working with chronic fatigue.
And it may be your immune
system needs to be rebuilt.
And that's going deep
within to the divine spark
and bringing forward and
building a new immune system.
Or it may be that
you've had cancer.
And it went into remission.
And you think you're fine.
If you haven't done the work
inside to truly find out
what created that
event, chances are
very good something else
will develop in your life.
>> And I think that's
a very key point also.
Because I've heard
that from many healers.
You have to understand
what was the source.
>> Right.
>> Because often there's
something in your life you have
to change.
>> That's right.
>> Or once you have
that awareness.
But you have to get back
to why did this happen.
>> Right.
>> OK.
So you need to know that.
OK.
What is our next step?
>> OK.
The next step-- as people
are surrounding themselves
in a beautiful white
cocoon, I'd like
them to just ask their
body to give them
a response that would indicate
it was saying yes, just
a simple yes.
And they may feel a butterfly
somewhere, a smile somewhere,
or just a light feeling
taking place in their body.
Trust that signal that
your body's saying yes.
Then they can ask
their body to give
a response that's saying no.
And usually it's a strong
tightening or a sick feeling
in the pit of your
stomach, something
the body's indicating saying no.
Then they can begin asking
their body, you know, body,
are you feeling OK today?
You know, my kidney
feels kind of tight.
Do you need some work?
And you'll get a yes or
a no from that kidney.
You'll get a yes or no response.
>> Wait.
Even as you said that, when
you said the light part,
I did feel light.
And as soon as you
said find with the yes.
said find the no,
I did feel kind of
a sinking feeling.
And I also felt even, like,
a little upset with it.
>> Right.
>> So that's the
kind of thing again.
Listen to the body.
Ask and then listen.
>> And trust.
Have faith that it's responding.
So then what I do, if
I have a specific area,
say you've been having
fertility issues
and you'd like to
become pregnant.
And nothing's worked.
And you really want to get
those ovaries stimulated.
You'd close your
eyes and say, body,
what color does this
cocoon need to be in order
to stimulate the ovaries?
And come with the first
color that comes up.
And the color is not going to
have an emotion attached to it.
It's just a vibration.
If black comes up, that's fine.
And I'd like them to just
start taking deep breaths
in through their nose.
Bring it up through the bottom
of their feet, up their body,
and exhale it out their mouth,
as though they were blowing out
a small candle, nice,
slow, deep breaths.
The color is going to change.
And keep that exercise up
for about five minutes.
>> OK.
So we're actually
then breathing deeply.
>> Breathing deeply.
>> And we're pulling--
>> A color.
>> --a color.
>> That the body wants.
>> The body wants.
And you said why will it change?
It just does?
>> Because as the vibration
is shaking loose that negative
energy, it needs
different vibrations.
And so the color is going to
shift as they're doing it.
And again, I'd rather they
not put any emotional status
to the color.
Because we're just
looking for a vibration.
If I told you to run 1,000
megahertz through your body,
you wouldn't understand
what I wanted.
The body wouldn't say.
The body wouldn't know.
But if I asked you to run
orange through your body,
your body can respond to orange.
So they're going to work with
those colors for five or six
minutes, until the body
either takes the color back
to white itself, or after
five or six minutes you
take it back to white.
And this is so important that
you begin breathing white
through your body.
And during that time,
this is the time
I like people to do their
positive affirmations.
Because once you've taken
a negative piece of energy
out of a cell, your cell wants
to replicate in perfect order.
And if you don't put something
else in it to replace it,
it will replicate
the negative again.
>> OK.
So for example when you said
that, I got the color red.
And then as you said to bring it
through it started to be pink.
Now I was doing that
very fast action.
>> Right.
>> But you would actually
want me to move from the red
to the white.
So I was actually
going through that--
>> Right, right.
>> --just like this.
>> Absolutely.
>> Take five minutes.
>> But you want to
get back to white,
because white means that
you have processed it.
>> That's right.
>> OK.
That you're moving into a
healing and cleansing area.
So what I suggest they
say is to your body.
Say body, I love
you unconditionally.
I accept you fully.
And I thank you for
being clear and healthy.
Because your body will
do exactly what you ask.
And if you're worried
about being ill,
and that's all you
think about, the body
is not discerning that
you don't want to be sick.
It's just saying, oh, we're
thinking about being sick,
and we'll be sick.
And so we put positive
affirmations in.
And that's good for
someone if they've
got real low self-esteem.
>> Would you say that
affirmation for us again?
>> Body, I love you
unconditionally.
I accept you fully.
And I thank you for
being clear and healthy.
And I don't care if you don't
believe it up in your mind.
It's the intent going down into
the cellular structure that's
important.
Because so many people
have problems saying that.
After they get done with that
process of being in the white,
then I like them to balance
their chakra system back out.
So I'll say, what
color do you need
to fully balance your chakras?
Sometimes they'll get a rainbow.
Sometimes they'll get two
or three different colors.
And I have them,
then, breathe it
in through the bottom of
their feet, up their body,
and out their crown chakra,
just for one minute.
And that just balances
everything back out.
Because remember, you've
shifted your energy system
within the body.
And so all your chakras
are out of alignment
when you do something like that.
>> And so you believe that our
chakra system has to come back
to balance.
And that's the next step.
OK.
So not only have we
created this white cocoon,
but now we may have thrown
something out of balance--
>> That's right.
>> --in working with the color.
>> Within our body.
>> So whatever your body says
is the color you need through
your chakra, again, it
comes up and through.
>> That's right.
And as I said, it
could be a rainbow.
One little boy got a
visualization of pink triangles
with yellow spots inside of it.
>> It doesn't
matter what you get.
>> It doesn't matter.
That was his vibration.
>> Yeah.
OK.
Then have we balanced
and are we back?
>> We balanced.
And we're back.
>> OK.
>> And it normally takes
about 10 minutes a day.
>> Mhm.
>> And what I suggest with
individuals is as they start
the process, to
do it twice a day.
And then continue once a day
for the rest of your life.
Because you're worth 12 minutes.
>> Now take us
through those steps.
Because they're very simple.
If you'll just reiterate
those, that would be good.
>> Sure.
You're going to
start out putting
a beautiful white
cocoon around yourself.
And that can come
from source, God,
whatever your belief system
is to surround your body.
Ask your body what
color it needs
to do the specific job that
you're asking it to do.
Be literal with your body.
If you're working on a
kidney, say you have a kidney
infection, what color do I need
to remove the kidney infection?
Breathe that color through
for five or six minutes,
and it will change colors, the
very colors that come through.
Then move to a
white light again.
And breathe through the healing
and cleansing white light.
Give your body
positive affirmations.
Body, I love you
unconditionally.
I accept you fully.
And I thank you for
being clear and healthy.
And then move into what colors
do I need to fully balance.
And you're going to bring those
through the bottom of your feet
and out your crown chakra.
>> And just do--
>> Just for one minute.
>> And that's a nice, nice
thing to do for your body.
>> It's a nice thing
to do for your body.
And it just moves such a
tremendous amount of energy
out.
What people are surprised about
is if they do a real heavy
session over the phone with me--
it takes about an hour when we
do it over the phone--
they're exhausted afterwards.
When you move that kind of
energy through your body
and release that kind of
energy, it's very tiring.
And some people
will find that they
become very toxic the next day.
That their body--
>> Yeah, really works.
>> Absolutely.
>> Now you have a couple
of books that you'd like
to recommend.
And you will have
your own book that
will be released very soon.
And your own book is going
to be called "God Within."
>> "God Within."
>> "Utilizing the Divine Spark."
>> OK.
One of your favorites also,
that you highly recommend,
is "The Anatomy of The Spirit."
>> Right.
>> Yes.
>> By Dr. Caroline Myss.
And this also has
the same philosophy
of healing that you
have worked with?
>> Yes.
>> You also mentioned another
one that you liked so well
by Doreen Virtue.
>> Doreen Virtue, "The
Lightworker's Way."
>> Yes.
>> And basically, that's just a
wonderful tale of Doreen's life
and how she really started
moving into her gifts
and really opening up
the light in everyone.
>> I love this.
I think this is
something that we can do.
And I feel good about it.
And I think that
you have taken us
through a process
of self-healing.
And I love to empower people.
Because we need to
take back that power.
>> It doesn't have
to be difficult.
>> No.
>> I mean, that's the
most surprising thing.
People will come for
individual sessions.
And one lady said, you
know, I really feel guilty.
I'm not in pain.
I'm not in panic.
I'm not in agony.
>> Yes.
>> This is just a really
loving way to release it.
>> And it is.
And bless you for being such
a loving medical intuitive.
>> Thank you so much.
>> If you would like to be in
touch with us and also with
Patti Conklin, stay tuned.
We have a way that
you can reach us.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Illness and disease
are not natural to us
when it does occur, we need to
work on our own self-healing.
And we can.
We can heal within.
And thank Patti Conklin
for sharing one more way
that we can become
more medically
intuitive to our own bodies so
that we may live in balance.
Thank you for being with
us on Shakti-Hill today.
Bye bye.
[MUSIC PLAYING]